add `jsonb_populate_record(set)` function (#2161)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/functions-operators/sql-function-json.md

 {"age": 30, "name": "John"}
```

### `jsonb_populate_record`

Expands the top-level JSON object to a row having the **inline struct type** of the base argument.

```bash title=Syntax
jsonb_populate_record ( base anyelement, from_json jsonb ) → anyelement
```

The JSON object is scanned for fields whose names match column names of the output row type, and their values are inserted into those columns of the output. (Fields that do not correspond to any output column name are ignored.) In typical use, the value of base is just NULL, which means that any output columns that do not match any object field will be filled with nulls. However, if base isn't NULL then the values it contains will be used for unmatched columns.

To convert a JSON value to the SQL type of an output column, the following rules are applied in sequence:

- A JSON null value is converted to an SQL null in all cases.

- If the output column is of type json or jsonb, the JSON value is just reproduced exactly.

> - If the output column is a composite (row) type, and the JSON value is a JSON object, the fields of the object are converted to columns of the output row type by recursive application of these rules.

Author: This part needs to be checked. Do these rules apply to us too?

And especially, we use inline struct type. Should this sentence replace the “composite” with “struct”?

```suggestion
- If the output column is a struct (row) type, and the JSON value is a JSON object, the fields of the object are converted to columns of the output row type by recursive application of these rules.
```

Reviewer: Yes, we follow these rules too. And I agree that `composite type` should be replaced by `struct type`.

- Likewise, if the output column is an array type and the JSON value is a JSON array, the elements of the JSON array are converted to elements of the output array by recursive application of these rules.

- Otherwise, if the JSON value is a string, the contents of the string are fed to the input conversion function for the column's data type.

- Otherwise, the ordinary text representation of the JSON value is fed to the input conversion function for the column's data type.

```sql title=Example

> SELECT (jsonb_populate_record(
>     null::struct<a int, b text[], c struct<d int, e text>>,
>     '{"a": 1, "b": ["2", "a b"], "c": {"d": 4, "e": "a b c"}, "x": "foo"}'
> )).*;
> ----RESULT
> 1 {2,"a b"} (4,"a b c")

Reviewer: After the fix https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16470, user can use this more common expression:
```suggestion
SELECT * FROM jsonb_populate_record(
    null::struct<a int, b text[], c struct<d int, e text>>,
    '{"a": 1, "b": ["2", "a b"], "c": {"d": 4, "e": "a b c"}, "x": "foo"}'
);
----RESULT
 a |     b     |      c      
---+-----------+-------------
 1 | {2,"a b"} | (4,"a b c")
```

 {"age": 30, "name": "John"}
```

### `jsonb_populate_record`

> Expands the top-level JSON object to a row having the **struct type** of the base argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Expands the top-level JSON object to a row with the **struct type** of the base argument.
```

```bash title=Syntax
jsonb_populate_record ( base anyelement, from_json jsonb ) → anyelement
```

> The JSON object is scanned for fields whose names match column names of the output row type, and their values are inserted into those columns of the output. (Fields that do not correspond to any output column name are ignored.) In typical use, the value of base is just NULL, which means that any output columns that do not match any object field will be filled with nulls. However, if base isn't NULL then the values it contains will be used for unmatched columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It scans the JSON object for fields matching the output row's column names, inserting their values into the corresponding output columns. Any fields not matching column names are ignored. Typically the base is `NULL`, meaning that any output columns that do not match any object field will be `NULL`. Otherwise, values in the base are used for unmatched columns.
```

> To convert a JSON value to the SQL type of an output column, the following rules are applied in sequence:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The coversion of JSON values to SQL types of the output column applies these rules in sequence:
```
